Changelogs for Digital Twin Manager Plugins 4.2.3 (#4060)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/dtm-1023-3-2-improved-validation-feedback-for-complex-properties-by-clearly-highlighting-fields-that-contain-errors.md

---

> date: ""

Reviewer: ```suggestion
date: "2026-01-13"
```

> title: "Improved validation feedback for Complex Properties by clearly highlighting fields that contain errors."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
title: "Improved validation feedback on creating and updating complex properties"
```

product_area: "Application enablement & solutions"
change_type:
    - value: "change-VSkj2iV9m"
      label: "Fix"
component:
    - value: "component-Tl88RYb4A"
      label: "Digital Twin Manager"
build_artifact:
    - value: "tc-wYIY0MBDO"
      label: "dtm"

> ticket: ""

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ticket: "CTM-2589"
```

version: "1023.3.2"
---

> Improved validation feedback for Complex Properties — fields with errors

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Improved validation feedback for Complex Properties during creation and update — fields with errors
```

> Improved validation feedback for Complex Properties during creation and update — fields with errors

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The validation feedback during the creation and update of complex properties has been improved. Fields with errors
```
